"they proved that nonviolent change is possible. that love and hope can conquer hate." president obama #selma50
"nothing will determine our success as a nation in the 21st century more than how well we educate our kids."
repealing the affordable care act would mean millions of americans could lose their health insurance:
rt @whitehouse: "i said this because i had seen it in my own life, in a nation that gave someone like me a chance." obama #sotu
"ive seen something like gay marriage go from a wedge issue used to drive us apart to a story of freedom." president obama #sotu
"i still believe we are one people. i still believe that together, we can do great things, even when the odds are long." president obama
answer this one question survey: what issue will you keep fighting for in 2015?
consumer spending:
new doc by my friend lesley chilcott, a small section of the world, is an inspiring story of determination &amp; hope:
unburnable fossil fuel assets are a bad bet for investors and the planet:
i want to answer your questions on climate during 24 hours of reality. send me one using #climatequestion -- it may be answered on air.
i want to answer your questions on climate during 24 hours of reality. send me one using #climatequestion -- it may be answered on air.
history will not look kindly on those who failed to act on climate--even when fully aware of its dangers:
governors fighting to protect their states air, great story from @coralmdavenport
almost five years after the disaster in kingston, coal waste is still polluting tennessee waters:
tonight, @chrislhayes became this generation's edward r. murrow. congrats to brian and ralph-and chris-for their integrity. #politicsofpower
nave and reckless for @barackobama and @presssec to dismiss speech by the one #iranian leader who matters.
rt @hughhewitt: audio/transcript @senjohnmccain blasting potus "only an insane person would compare us" to iran:
are we becoming the #iranian air force? "pro-iran militias success in iraq could undermine u.s."  via @washingtonpost
my op-ed in @usatoday: obama should say no deal to iran. walking away from the table would be courageousand right.
never forget that we're his disciples. we may not hobnob with the famous, but in prayer we can speak w god every day.
brilliant and true, @senjohnmccain opens eyes in russia and beyond
our nation is still full of aspirations and hungry for new solutions. were a nation of invention and of optimism
if america does not lead, others will  others who do not share our interests and our values.
economic freedom is the only force in history that has consistently lifted people out of poverty  and kept people out of poverty.
watch @paulryanvp talk about his mothers small-business: mom, you did build that!"  #romneyryan2012 #builtbyus
it's your turn to share your story and tell @barackobama you did build your dream  #builtbyus
freedom, hard work &amp; innovation build successful businesses. download a sign &amp; share your photo using #builtbyus
individuals pursuing their dreams build successful businesses. tell @barackobama #youdidbuildit &amp; share your story
tell @barackobama entrepreneurs &amp; innovators build successful businesses. celebrate your success &amp; share your photos using #youdidbuildit
download the iphone app and use the american greatness overlay to share your #flagday photos
each day, across this great land, millions of americans raise the flag. what does the flag mean to you? #flagday
tomorrow is flag day. tweet your flag photos using #flagday &amp; share what the stars and stripes mean to you
not me. often in the senate i see something &amp; start praying:"dear god!" rt @babyspittle: i'd rather prayer stayed away from decision-making.
the world won't change unless we do:
it's not enough to deplore the violence &amp; hate. the world won't change unless we do. we must demand better tomorrows by being better today.
on my way to a seder now. #veganpassover rt @projectpetssnl: eating #vegan this year with you even for passover. blessings!
@wuperkins i hope for now you will believe in our american principle of innocent until proven guilty. thanks edward.
@nicholasct i still believe in the principle of innocent until proven guilty.
@brian_riback sincerely, i wish you well. may we both grow better and more kind.
rt @jmacosta: "we need to move beyond tolerance and aspire to love." - sen. @corybooker #facinghistory
thanks mt @wesleyryanky: this-&gt; "we need to move beyond tolerance. tolerance is just the floor, but love is the ceiling." @corybooker
"fear less, hope more; eat less, chew more; whine less, breathe more; talk less, say more; hate less, love more &amp; all good things are yours"
yes. rt @rustiresta still vegan???
@electricawitch tell me more . . .
the aware act would expand protections for farm animals at federal research facilities. letter to the editor:
but i'm a vegan, how could you spam me? rt @nicolemof we were told to spam you  #omgrobots
@electricawitch where.
@vivianking1 but i think you might be confusing some of the mandates as to which are state and which are federal. either way, please call.
@vivianking1 1. why does it need to be either or? why can't we do both: better educate children and help those who are incarcerated?
@vivianking1 1. we would be a lot safer if we prepared people to return from prison so that they could productively integrate into society.
@vivianking1 i am not sure exactly what you are accusing me of or for what i should feel shame. but here is what i believe:
how far that little candle throws his beams! so shines a good deed in a weary world.
he's so tall that shaq is his mini me. @rosinalucibello @eugeneyoung302
he's so tall that when he tripped in front of the capital he hit his head on the washington monument. @rosinalucibello @eugeneyoung302
he's so tall he can see russia from everywhere. rt @rosinalucibello @eugeneyoung302
yes my body guy @eugeneyoung302  actually towers over me by about 5 inches. rt @rosinalucibello is he taller than you?
follow my body guy, up and coming star &amp; all around great man (about to have a baby) eugene young @eugeneyoung302
"when you are not practicing, someone else is getting better." (via @eugeneyoung302 )
rt @williamshatner: i am overwhelmed! thank you to all for the well wishes!
i still am. @montrosefarms
rt @montrosefarms: hoping @corybooker is still vegan on this meatout day. thank you for giving it a try &amp; for saying this:
brooklyn stole ours. i'm considering gettin a van &amp; rolling over there to take'em back rt @waldowilbur no nba teams in either of your states
i hate to contradict you claire but i may be ncaa but you my friend are definitely nba all the way. @clairecmc
#gratitude rt@whitecastle we're working on perfecting a vegan bun to go w/ the veggie slider,
i'll soar there if u get a vegan option or two (smile) rt @whitecastle: small steps, big steps, a car - however u get here, we'll be happy.
small steps (smile) rt @iamtomorrow: did you see white castle made the veggie sliders a permanent menu item?
@dana1696 i wasn't aware of the letter. i will ask my staff to look at it. sounds like something i'd want to support.
crim. justice system creates collateral consequences, a caste system in which people feel like theres no way out:
oreos are vegan rt @38_28_38 oh... *shoves an oreo in my mouth*
we have so demonized this one plant &amp; over criminalized its use. enough. let doctors prescribe what will help @speaktruth22 @drugpolicynews
why should people suffering be denied this plant over so many other substances that are used responsibly @speaktruth22 @drugpolicynews
doctors perscribe many drugs that are more harmful if taken by kids but are life saving. why should one plant be singled out  @speaktruth22
i ran three miles this morning rt @susanrat speaking  when are you running?
dont walk through the world unconscious of your greatness, surrendering your light to the bland grey around you.
in a world where many couldn't care less, be someone who couldn't care more.
"only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile" albert einstein (march 14, 1879 - april 18, 1955) #happybirthdayeinstein
rt @redroof65: @corybooker let's remember: don't judge someone just because they sin differently than you.
but your missing her larger point. its about just punishment, redemption, love &amp; being there for each other despite crimes @therealdjalter
"insane?" our criminal code does account for people who speed and that speeding causes an accident. @therealdjalter
rt @therealdjalter wow this is insane- to call someone who slightly speeds a criminal is just deflecting from the real criminals
read more anout the aware act to protect farm animals: (correct link)
the aware act would expand protections for farm animals at fed research facilities. letter to the editor:
@ireland0828 then you aren't watching me close enough.
latoya, you are the 1st person to ever say that. rt @latoyabembry i feel like since @corybooker became a senator, he tweets much less....
easier to advance ridiculous laws like sodomite suppression act when people don't vote. register:  #loveisnotacrime
yup, @sacbee_news has it right. uc's student-athletes deserve better.
and there's still so much more we can do -- "california leads on climate change, says 50-state tool"
olbermann makes an important point - not a fan of labeling anyone 'worst  person' nonetheless this needed to be said
we should all be aware of what we're putting in the air: berkeley may put climate change warnings on gas pumps
#google unveiled its #driverlesscar last week, pretty cool! would you ride in one?
oh, right. want to try a #bitcoin political donation? step right up:
you won't even believe this...
rt @tribtalktx .@sarahpalinusa: why drill, baby, drill was right
rt @tribtalktx: .@sarahpalinusa: why drill, baby, drill was right
it's said that a man's word can affect the course of history. certainly a man with a microphone can. mainstream...
chill. at least trig didnt eat the dog.
may 2015 see every stumbling block turned into a stepping stone on the path forward. trig just...
this needs to be read to be believed:...
here's a man of true grit and a servant's heart who knows full well when road kill needs to go. our government...
i thought i'd seen it all, but this one leaves me with that punch-in-the-gut, flabbergasted shock that i can't...
maness momentum continues in louisiana! "the great one" mark levin has spoken and col. maness is his man for the...
any wonder why so many americans are turned off by politics when contemptible ads like this are endorsed by...
29 he gives strength to the weary and increases the power of the weak;
it's still warm enough for outside reading! sort of. i'm reading david limbaugh's "jesus on trial" (seen above),...
i love my bristol! my straight-shooter is one of the strongest young women you'll ever meet. i have to say this...
i love this guy. congratulations, sheriff clarke, and congratulations to those you serve in the great state of...
man up, mark
#tbt and #lasen update  help this fighting conservative vet gas up his truck! could there be a clearer contrast...
rush is right. the gop wants to take impeachment off the table? when will you learn liberals won't hate you less...
to reclaim your credibility (and the mainstream medias, at large), i...
i want to hear from anyone who still supports this guy; i want to try to figure you out
one cannot dispute president obama's claim of having "the most transparent administration in america's history."...
well ill be a monkeys uncle. my sister sent me a clip of nancy pelosi either speaking such gibberish,...
with friends like these, who needs liberals?
mark levin, who worked in the reagan administration as the chief of staff to attorney general ed meese, makes...
obama knows nothing, sees nothing, and hears nothing unless his lapdogs bark, then his ears perk up. not exactly...
i aborted my baby, so hear me roar
do you ever feel like youre the only one absolutely perplexed and beyond disappointed by the country's self...
actions to stop terrorists whod utterly annihilate america and delight in massacring our innocent children? darn...
tonight jewish families all over the world celebrate passover, the commemoration of their freedom from bondage...
these people are nuts, albeit entertaining nuts
margaret thatcher often said: if you want something said, ask a man....
from one dittohead to all you others, aren't you thankful rush defends truth, and as importantly, he defends...
today we remember those who defended pearl harbor, and the many more who answered their country's call:
after signing #ab647 to permit refilling growlers, enjoying one at @track7brewing. carpe cervisiam! #craftbeer.
rt @annebgust: shaq gives me a lift!
cas 30 year-old enterprise zone program is not enterprising, its wasteful. theres a better way.
this plan gives every student in california a better shot at success and its time to move forward. #lcff
a welter of arguments, but only one issue matters: the right to marry the person of your choice #marriageequality
on bart -- will no one give me a seat?
@speakupnowgirl      who else?
this bill would enhance congresss power. tpa empowers congress. #tpa4usjobs
rt @urbaninstitute: a bipartisan call for better evidence to inform policy: "music to my ears," writes @maturner  htt
trade agreements that say cheesemakers can't call havarti havarti or gouda gouda? @pryan says: "ridiculous."
new house budget cmte doc: no administration in history has so flagrantly ignored its budgetary roles+responsibilities:
let's promote growth & lower hurdles to upward mobility. in our exceptional nation: all citizens have the right to rise.
next week @heritage ill give a speech: saving the american idea: rejecting fear, envy and the politics of division:
vawa is the single most significant legislation ive ever been part of. couldn't be prouder of everyone who made it happen. -joe
share @barackobama and vp bidens plan with anyone who needs a reminder before tomorrow:
a second term for #teamobamabiden could be just a few phone calls away:
i want to tell you who i am so excited aboutthe next senator from this state, tammy baldwin.vp biden in wi today:
vp biden: my guy, your guy, barack obama has character. he has the character of his convictions. he does not engage in deception.
rt @obama2012: potus on bin laden: "you said we shouldn't move heaven and earth to get one man ... it was worth moving heaven and earth  ...
the romney campaign offered few specifics about what romney would do differently from president obama on syria:
when joe &amp; barack were elected, like so many of you, one of my main hopes was that we end the war in iraq. the president kept his promise.
potus: if you say youre for the coal industry but stood in front of a coal plant and said this will kill you, you may have #romnesia.
rt @barackobama: if you say women should have access to contraceptive care but you support laws that would let employers deny it, you'v ...
on the debate: you saw the man i have sat with every day: a man of principle and gumption, a man with a steady hand and a clear vision.
taegan goddard: he kept romney on the defensive and came prepared  it was devastatingly effective.
rt @obama2012: fact: @barackobama is helping car companies build better cars that use less gas and save consumers money at the pump: htt ...
rt @ofadebates: fact: romney won't say which tax deductions he'd eliminate, but has said he won't close the carried interest loophole fo ...
vp: "(the president) is a guy who has done everything he said he would do."
rt @ofa_ia: this little guy can't wait to see @joebiden! #bidencb
1. if we could ever harness the wind coming out of congress, we could power the world. retweet if you agree!
over 62% of religious hate crimes in america were directed against jews, only 12% against muslims. #standwithisrael
obama talks to dictators more than he does to congress &amp; allies. he just ignored 60 yrs of policy because he knows better than anybody else.
cia director brennan points out that after 9-11, we desperately needed intelligence.  today, it's senate dems who could use some.
rolling stone magazine needs a squeegee...
rolling stone magazine needs a squeegee...
why is a soap opera producer our new amb. to hungary? anyone who can manage a soap opera needs to work in the wh!
nat'l debt just hit $18 trillion, up 70% under obama. somebody please keep the potus away from the cyber monday sales.
they say in politics, a "gaffe" is when you accidentally tell the truth:
the constitution is clear: congress makes immigration laws. so how can the president claim...
audio: the man in the arena
uh oh: story of sailor rescued after 66 days at sea not holding up?
rolling stone apologizes, retracts bogus story about rape at u. of virginia
icymi: ct gov. calls indiana rfra 'outright bigotry,'forgets to mention ct has one just like it
besieged indiana pizzeria receives over $200,000 in donations - in 20 hours
indiana caves to pressure
owners of indiana pizzeria who won't cater gay weddings in hiding, may close due to threats
uh oh: lufthansa knew about co-pilot's serious issue with depression before he crashed plane
audio: religious freedom restoration act | best of cain
ct gov. calls indiana rfra 'outright bigotry,' forgets to mention ct has one just like it
indiana looks to 'clarify' religious freedom act
investigators: co-pilot seized control of germanwings flight and crashed it on purpose
did nbc air this insane brian williams trust promo last night? hilarious!
politics: liberals go nuts as gop letter to iran undermines rogue president's dealmaking
does anyone tell obama the whole story on employment?
mcconnell postpones vote to give the senate the same treaty power the constitution already gave them
@netanyahuif iran threatens to walk away from the table...call their bluff. theyll be back bc they need the deal a lot more than you do.
oops: google realizes the obamanet will be a disaster
nbc brass was warned a year ago about brian williams lying. did nothing.
oops: brian williams body floating post-katrina story not looking so true either
nbc brass was warned a year ago about brian williams lying. did nothing.
anchorman fight: tom brokaw wants brian williams to be fired-with bonus video
oops: brian williams body floating post-katrina story not looking so true either
uh oh: brian williams body floating post-katrina story not looking so true either
icymi: kris 'tanto' paronto: hear from the man who lived the truth in benghazi
anchorman fight! tom brokaw wants brian williams to be fired.
wow! obama at national prayer breakfast: christians did things just as bad as isis.
axelrod: in '08 hillary offered to make edwards attorney general if he'd quit and endorse her
my bad:nbcs brian williams admits inventing story about being shot down over iraq
axelrod: in 2008, hillary offered to make edwards attorney general if he would quit and endorse her
nbcs brian williams admits inventing story about being shot down in a chopper over iraq
kris 'tanto' paronto: hear from the man who lived the truth in benghazi
bengazi survivor kris "tonto" paronto. listen live now to hear his account.
today on thcs: bengazi survior kris "tonto" paronto. listen live @ 9:30et
nothing like #politicsandeggs at @saintanselm nhiop for breakfast. thank you @necouncil for hosting. #fitn
rt @teamrickperry: "those who deny freedom to others deserve it not for themselves." - abraham #lincoln
no matter how vast the darkness, all it takes is one candle to spread the light.  #chanukah
texas knows firsthand problems brought by illegal #immigration and bad federal policy. there is no more time for political grandstanding.
.@politicsandsun: thank-you for having me! met a lot of good people.
i believe it is the right policy to ban air travel from countries that have been hit hardest by #ebola.
i put out the call and you have answered. you are the tip of the spear in protecting americans from cartels and gangs
here's why people are finding freedom in texas. #texasworks
ill look at taxpayers and say, "we are spending your money like you would want it to be spent."  &lt;
rt @glennbeck: . @ricksantorum had a great answer to anyone bashing the religious freedom restoration act.
hard for a @steelers fan to say go ravens, but i loved my visit to @benedictineks.
@kathrynlopez  only love can unbreak your heart
love encourages selflessness.  #bellasgift
obama &amp; his advisors are uninformed about the history of those who are brutally killing innocent people of all faiths in the middle east.
pres. obama insulted every person of faith with his comments at yesterday's prayer breakfast.
rt @lifenewshq: @ricksantorum doctors wanted to abort baby with trisomy 18, hes now three-years-old
talked to 100 people in rural harrison co ia tonite after they watched our religious freedom doc one generation away
our little bella reminds us of why we march: bc every child deserves a chance. #bellasgift #whywemarch #marchforlife
here we go #steelers!
over &amp; over again, obama's foreign policy actions have proven reckless &amp; not in our nation's best interest.
we need someone in the treasury who fights for main street. ask the president to withdraw antonio weisss nomination:
tis the season:
powerful interests dont want to see #citizensunited change one bitits up to us to spoil their day:
repealing #citizensunited is our best chance at restoring some sanity to campaign finance laws. sign &amp; rt
all the info you could ever need on votingnow in one place. bookmark &amp; share our voter hub:
these 10 letters to nsa whistleblower edward snowden prove he did the right thing:  #truth #freedom #follow
on black friday, there were 3 new gun owners every second.
edward snowden's heroic actions have had transformative effects on people all over the world. send him a letter:
icymi: vol's @nickpropaganda shows why these "turkeys" brought nothing to the table on #thanksgiving
vol's @nickpropaganda shows (with videos) why these "turkeys" bring nothing to the table this #thanksgiving
what if you could share your thoughts with nsa whistleblower edward snowden? we're making that happen. start here:
snowden doc reminds us to support whistleblowers. "if you have nothing to hide, you have nothing to fear." #spying
more autonomy given to smaller units of gov't gives the people to better hold accountable gov't actions. tune in:
the ebola epidemic allows the government to use its favorite tool for increasing its power: fear.
lpac is less than one week away! join me in alexandria, va september 18-20. you can find out more information here:
rt @c4liberty: who's excited for #lpac14? less than two weeks away and you can still get tickets here:
retweet if you agree: "there was something that i said about a revolution: you have to have young people involved."
rt @c4liberty: join carol and @ronpaul for breakfast at lpac, september 20th in alexandria, va!
dr. paul will be speaking at lpac in alexandria, va september 18-20! get your tickets here:
in 2016 we need a leader who will tell the truth and do what he said he will do #nraam
there has been no country in the history of the world that has allowed so many to start with nothing and achieve anything.
some people wonder if faith is real. in my family, theres not a second of doubt:
the american free enterprise system has been the greatest engine for prosperity the world has ever seen #nhpolitics #politicsandeggs
iowa farmers feed our nation &amp; world. govt shouldn't stand in their way. watch our #iowaagsummit discussion @ 11am ct
#tbt president kennedy, speaking at rice university, set the eyes and aspirations of america upon the moon &amp; beyond
add your name if you agree congress should use every tool available to #stopobamasamnesty:
if potus ignores the people &amp; proceeds w/ his illegal amnesty, we must use every tool available to #stopobamasamnesty
obamacares architect admits had they told the truth it would not have passed. now that we know #fullrepeal!
potus should find out who said this, and fire them. anything else would be...well, the unnamed official put it best
@chezpuku   they won't talk to me  #govgary
on this #911anniversary, a worthwhile read by @rkoerner re the politics of fear:  #tlot #libertarian  @livefreeblog
@anthonypacific david tobias is about as honorable a guy as i have ever met.
@masonmorris9 i like half of what rand has to say but i am not a social conservative.
general eisenhower on #dday: "the hopes and prayers of liberty loving people everywhere march with you." #tlot #tcot
if funding is root of va problems, why can't they even spend the $ congress has given them?  #tcot #tlot #vascandal
wh aide re obama's view of va conduct: nobody is more outraged..." ever notice that presidential outrage is often a substitute for action?
@ncolby33 either one. i ride specialized #govgary
@karekenj everything goes better with bacon. #govgary
@kimberlydholder would love to, but still up in the air. thx for asking. #govgary
@filmmaking_fkp stay principled &amp; create the freedom to be yourself in the political arena. #govgary
now dhs cancels license plate reader rfp - says ice leadership wasn't aware of it. are we supposed to feel better? #tlot @eff @aclu
@tacofetus ten years, which given our history, is pretty darn immediate. #govgary
