"16 million people or more have health insurance that didn't have it before." president obama on #obamacare
the house's budget is based on trickle-down economics that have failed working families. see how it could affect you:
"we've got to lead by example, invest in the future, train our workers to get jobs in the clean energy economy." president obama
"we've got to be relentless in our work to grow the economy and create new jobs." president obama
live: president obama is in utah talking about training american workers for clean energy jobs.  #actonclimate
our economy added 126,000 jobs in march, the 61st consecutive month of private-sector job growth.
live: president obama is speaking in louisville, kentucky, about the economy.
tune in at 5:50 p.m. et to watch the president deliver remarks on our economy in louisville, kentucky:
you've got this:
"i want to invest in basic research so the jobs and industry of the future take root here." president obama
"the deficit has come down by two-thirds since i've been president." president obama
"these ideas are not about ideologythe reason we proposed these ideas is because we know they work." president obama
"more than 16 million americans have gained the security of health insurance." president obama #betterwithobamacare
meet the president.
america needs a budget that builds a stronger middle classnot one that revisits failed policies.
"today i announced nearly $500 million in new public and private investment for american manufacturing." president obama
"i've proposed making two years of community college as free and universal as high school is today." president obama
"reality has rendered it's judgement: trickle-down economics does not work, and middle-class economics does." president obama
"we've emerged from what was a once-in-a-generation crisis, better positioned for the future than any of our competitors." president obama
"since i took office, we've cut our deficits as a share of our economy by about two-thirds." president obama
"more than 16 million americans have gained the security of health care coverage." president obama
"every three weeks we produce as much solar power as we did in all of 2008."  president obama
"we're now in the midst of the longest streak of private-sector growth on record." president obama
"america's businesses have added more than 200,000 jobs each month for 12 straight months." president obama
"do we retreat from the realities of a 21st century economy, or do we advance together?"president obama
tune in at 2:55 p.m. et to watch president obama talk about middle-class economics in cleveland, ohio.
thanks to #obamacare, 16.4 million more americans have the security of health coverage.
"i sent congress a bold new plan to bring down the cost of community college to zero." president obama #collegeopportunity
"today a college degree is the surest ticket to the middle class." president obama #collegeopportunity
"after the worst economic crisis of our lifetimes, over the past five years our economy has created 12 million new jobs." president obama
"i believe that higher education is one of the best investments anybody can make in their future." president obama #collegeopportunity
#selma50 #marchon
"we honor those who walked so we could run. we must run so our children soar." president obama #selma50 #marchon
"what a glorious task we are given, to continually try to improve this great nation of ours." president obama #selma50 #marchon
"we respect the past, but we dont pine for the past. we dont fear the future." president obama #selma50 #marchon
"we know america is what we make of it." president obama #selma50 #marchon
"this is work for all americans, and not just some. not just whites. not just blacks." president obama #selma50 #marchon
"selma teaches us, too, that action requires that we shed our cynicism." president obama #selma50 #marchon
"if selma taught us anything, its that our work is never done." president obama #selma50 #marchon
"thats what this movement was all aboutone leg in our long journey toward freedom." president obama #selma50 #marchon
"what greater form of patriotism is there than the belief that america is not yet finished." president obama #selma50 #marchon
"what could be more american than what happened in this place?" president obama #selma50 #marchon
"there are places and moments in america where this nations destiny has been decided ... selma is such a place." president obama #marchon
our economy added 295,000 jobs last monththat's a record 60 consecutive months of private-sector job growth:
the number of uninsured americans continues to drop within the first two months of 2015:
the unemployment rate dropped in every single state during 2014the first time that's happened in 30 years.
president obama's progressive trade deal would mean stronger protections for workers and the environment:
live: president obama is talking about how strengthening retirement security is good for the middle class.
only two months on the job, the new congress is already threatening a partial government shutdown. #enoughalready
in the weekly address, the president discusses opening new markets to grow the economy and support good-paying jobs:
"trade has an important role to play in supporting good-paying, middle-class jobs in the u.s." president obama
@billyeichner
president obama sat down with @voxdotcom to discuss health care, the economy, and america's position in the world:
"at a time when the economy is picking up speed and growing again, we've got to work twice as hard." president obama
"and, in the single most hopeful sign for middle-class families, wages are starting to go up again." president obama
"over the past 59 months, the private sector has added almost 12 million new jobs." president obama
"in 2014, our economy created 3.1 million jobsand that's the best year of job growth since the 1990s." president obama
tune in at 2:15 p.m. et to watch president obama take questions from students on jobs and education at a town hall:
the economy added 257,000 jobs in january, part of the strongest three-month growth since 1997. let's keep it going:
"we have to pass a budget that gives middle-class families the security they need to get ahead in the new economy." president obama
live: president obama discusses how his budget will bring middle-class economics into the 21st century.
president obama is doing what he can to fight for middle-class families. take a stand on this:
"if you share the broad vision i outlined tonight, join me in the work at hand." president obama #sotu #americaleads
"14 of the 15 warmest years on record have all fallen in the first 15 years of this century." president obama #sotu #actonclimate
rt @ofa: america should lead on science and technology and americans should win the race on the kinds of discoveries that unleash new jobs.
"21st century businesses will rely on american science, technology, research and development." president obama #sotu
"lets pass a bipartisan infrastructure plan that could create more than 30 times as many jobs per year. president obama #sotu
rt @ofa: if you're nodding your head during president obama's #sotu, you should be part of this:
"middle-class economics means helping working families feel more secure in a world of constant change." president obama #sotu
rt @whitehouse: "in the past yearabout 10 million uninsured americans finally gained the security of health coverage." obama
rt @ofa: it's time for congress to help build an economy that works for everyone and not just for a few. #sotu
"in the past year alone, about 10 million uninsured americans finally gained the security of health coverage." president obama #sotu
over the past five years, our businesses have created more than 11 million new jobs. president obama #sotu
rt @ofa: weve fought our way back from economic crisis. its time for congress to build on that momentum. #sotu
"our unemployment rate is now lower than it was before the financial crisis." president obama #sotu
"tonight, after a breakthrough year for america, our economy is growing and creating jobs at the fastest pace since 1999." president obama
add your name: take a stand for middle-class families.  #sotu
tonight, the president will lay out how he plans to fight for middle-class families. say you'll stand alongside him:
get ready: in the state of the union, president obama will outline policies to help middle-class families.  #sotu
over 58 straight months of growth, the private sector has added 11.2 million jobs.
it's official: the economy added 252,000 jobs in december, making 2014 the best year for job growth since 1999.
"we've now had a 57-month streak of private-sector job creation." president obama #madeinamerica
"last year was the strongest year for job growth since the 1990s." president obama #madeinamerica
"i will miss stuart scott ... over the years, he entertained us, and in the end, he inspired uswith courage and love." president obama
icymi: our economy is growing at its fastest pace in 11 years.
in the third quarter, the u.s. economy grew at its strongest rate in over a decade. read more:
"number of uninsured americans near historic low" more from @time:  #obamacare
rt @ofa: icymi: our economy just experienced a record-setting 57 straight months of job growth in the private sector.
economics drives georgetown, txs embrace of 100% clean energy; clear example of rapid decline in cost of renewables:
2014 likely to be hottest year on record according to @wmonews:
the clean-energy transition is creating jobs and revitalizing manufacturing around the world. #climatehope
reason #16 for #climatehope: slowly but surely, we are slowing the rate of deforestation.
$5.1 trillion to be invested in clean energy projects by 2030. renewables in asia to experience spectacular growth:
massachusetts town embraces solar energy; could save $20 million in electricity costs over the next two decades:
floods of biblical proportions submerge serbia. serbian tennis superstar djokovic laments lack of coverage:
one quarter of the west coasts sulfate pollution comes from china:
grim prognosis for the worlds oceans as acidification worsens:
new study suggests heatwave mortality will increase 10x on the east coast by mid-century:
report: ocean acidification "unprecedented in the earth's known history." highest rate in 300 million years.
without significant investment to protect our coastlines, flooding may cost $1 trillion by 2050 #costofcarbon
terrible drought parching china: 11.5 million affected, $760 million in losses. gov reports 280k acres of farmland won't produce this year.
afp: "nearly 13,000 syrians, including 108 children, have been tortured to death in regime prisons since 2011..."
small business is the lifeblood of the us economy - enjoyed speaking to leaders @nsbaadvocate's #smallbizcongress
proud to address the national small business association's #smallbizcongress today in #phoenix @nsbaadvocate
into'd bill w/ @reptrentfranks to lower our staggeringly high corporate #tax rate &amp; return $1.9 trillion back to us
mr. obama, wonder why my concern about poverty? the record number of poor in your term, and your record of failure to remedy.
its time to turn the page on the last four years. get your friends and family and go vote:
we cant afford four more years like the last. vote today to ensure that the future will be better than the past
were almost there. vote tomorrow, nov. 6, for the real recovery americans deserve
unemployment is higher today than when @barackobama took office. think about that. #cantafford4more
jobless rate is higher today than it was when @barackobama took office. sad reminder that the economy is at a virtual standstill.
under @barackobama, gas prices have skyrocketed. we cant afford four more years like the last four.
after four years of @barackobamas broken promises, coloradans are ready for real change.
bills barbecue in richmond couldn't take 4 years of @barackobama. can we afford four more?
dave martinez volunteered for @barackobama in 2008, but four years later hes ready for real change.
i know from experience how businesses work and i'll get our economy moving again.
imagine what another four years would be like with @barackobama. he's already promised more of the same
four years ago, candidate @barackobama spoke to the scale of the times. today, he shrinks from it.
.@barackobamas defense cuts are making our future less certain and less secure. we cant afford four more years.
while @barackobama has refused to act, american workers have lost their jobs &amp; china has become the world's top manufacturer.
mr. president, america has not dictated to other nations. america has freed other nations from dictators.
attacking me is not an agenda. #cantafford4more
.@barackobamas foreign policy is unraveling in the middle east &amp; our national security is threatened throughout the world #cantafford4more
.@barackobama cant run on his record &amp; wont lay out a second-term agenda. the choice is clear.  #cantafford4more
americans have had enough of @barackobamas stale rhetoric &amp; canned excuses. we need real leadership  #cantafford4more
we cant afford another four years like the last four. donate $15 now  #cantafford4more
4 years ago, @barackobama promised to heal the planet. but today, its clear the world cannot afford 4 more years
i have championed small business throughout my career &amp; understand the value of our nations job creators.
.@barackobamas 2nd term agenda will bring tax hikes, higher energy prices, &amp; more debt that we cant afford
from the debt rising even higher to obamacare being here to stay, its clear that we cant afford four more years
the american people deserve better than barack obama's empty vision for the future.
sign the petition if you want to know what @barackobama will do to make the next 4 years different than the last 4
.@barackobamas policies have exploded the debt &amp; another term will only bring more of the same.
.@barackobama has laid out no new ideas for the future -- only more wasteful spending, crushing debt, &amp; higher taxes.
.@barackobamas latest stimulus will cost $450 billion &amp; bears a strong resemblance to the 2009 stimulus bill.
this is an election about who can get the middle class a bright &amp; prosperous future.
the choice is clear. @barackobamas policies just havent worked. we need a new path to a real recovery.
.@barackobama's policies aren't working for women. women can't afford four more years like the last four years.
the choice is clear for the next 4 years. @barackobama's policies will drive up middle-class taxes, produce fewer jobs
your share in the national debt? over $51,000  an increase of over $16,000 under @barackobama. #cantafford4more
.@barackobamas presided over record debt &amp; the nations first trillion-dollar deficits.  #cantafford4more
.@barackobama has amassed more debt than any other president. a 2nd term would threaten to drive the debt to a record $20t. #cantafford4more
.@barackobamas trillions of dollars in debt could cost middle-class families $4k in higher taxes.
.@barackobama hasn't just failed to control our mounting debt  hes accelerated it at an unprecedented pace.
.@barackobama &amp; @joebiden don't have a record to run on, or a plan for the future. help us deliver a real recovery
the middle class has been buried under @barackobama. my plan is to bring down tax rates to get more people working.
4 years of @barackobamas energy policies have produced fewer jobs &amp; higher prices at the pump.  #cantafford4more
.@barackobamas energy policies &amp; regulations cost family farms billions of dollars. the choice is clear.
americas farmers cant afford the job-destroying tax hikes &amp; higher death taxes a second @barackobama term will bring.
americas security and the cause of freedom cannot afford four more years like the last four years.
the choice is clear. the middle class can't afford four more years of
@barackobama's tax hikes.
it's clear @barackobama will say anything to distract from his own plan to
raise taxes on the middle class.
women have had enough of @barackobamas disappointment. we need new leadership to get our economy growing again.
americans have had enough disappointment. with new leadership, we can look to a more prosperous &amp; brighter future.
.@barackobama has campaigned for years on his commitment to the military, but his record doesnt match the rhetoric.
like many americans, greg anthony has had enough excuses. america cant afford another four years like the last.
ohio families cant afford another four years like the last. i will create 12 million jobs &amp; get ohio back to work.
instead of creating jobs, @barackobama is creating debt. we cant afford four more years of his borrowing &amp; wasting.
todays disappointing unemployment report is not what a real recovery looks like. we cant afford another four years like the last.
.@barackobama cant defend his record &amp; has no new ideas to run on. its time to get america working again.
i will keep america strong &amp; get the middle class working again. we cant afford 4 more years like the last 4 years.
i will create 12 million new jobs, when @barackobama couldnt. its time to get our country back on track.
by reforming the tax code, expanding trade, and cracking down on china, we can create 12 million new jobs.
a clear choice. america cant afford another four years like the last. donate $15 now:  #cantafford4more
obamacare will raise taxes on nearly 5 million middle class americans by 2016 #cantafford4more
too many americans are struggling today. we cant afford another four years like the last.  #cantafford4more
we couldn't have said it better ourselves. the middle class #cantafford4more
the middle class has been buried in the @barackobama economy, and that's why we #cantafford4more
the middle class has been crushed in the @barackobama economy. we #cantafford4more
agree with @joebiden, the middle class has been buried the last 4 years, which is why we need a change in november #cantafford4more
i will cut taxes for the middle class &amp; close loopholes for millionaires. we cant afford 4 more years like the last
.@barackobama has spent nearly 4 years implementing policies that have destroyed jobs. we cant afford 4 more.
another term for @barackobama will only bring more of the same policies that have devastated the middle class.
.@barackobamas war on coal is threatening the livelihood of american workers. we cant afford four more years
in 2008, @barackobama said building a coal-powered plant will bankrupt you, today  american jobs are in danger
.@barackobamas policies toward china are hurting small businesses. we cant afford another 4 years like the last
.@barackobama failed to label china as a currency manipulator 7 times, and the middle class is paying the price
.@barackobamas policies toward china have cost american workers their jobs. we cant afford four more years
.@barackobama had years to stand up to china  i will do it on day one
if @barackobama cannot lead his own party, how can he lead america?
today, @barackobama is back in wisconsin with a different message  he cant deliver the change he promised
instead of creating a web of dependency, i will pursue policies that grow our economy and lift americans out of poverty.
candidate obama's slogan in 2008 was yes, we can. his slogan now is no, i cant. it's time for a new president.
i am running for president to get us creating wealth again  not to redistribute it.
.@barackobama may think govt should facilitate some redistribution  but it hasnt worked for small businesses
i'll share my plan to create 12 million jobs and expand educational opportunities on @univision tonight at 10pm et
.@barackobamas energy policies have made life more difficult for the middle class by increasing costs &amp; killing jobs
.@barackobamas war on coal has left middle-class families struggling with higher costs and fewer jobs
candidate @barackobama promised to not pass our bills on to the next generation, yet hes increased the debt by $5.4t
your share in the national debt? over $51,000  an increase of over $16,000 under @barackobama
the national debt is over $16 trillion. its time for a president who will lead us out of this spending inferno
instead of putting out our nations prairie fire of debt, @barackobama is feeding it
my five point plan will create 12 million new jobs and get america back on the road to economic prosperity
hispanics aren't better off after 4 years of @barackobama. grateful to speak to @ushcc about how we'll lead where he has failed.
our plan for a stronger middle class will get our economy moving and create 12 million jobs in 4 years
for nearly 4 years, @barackobama has refused to crack down on chinas cheating &amp; american workers have paid the price.
.@barackobama has failed to stop china and has failed american workers. it's time to stand up to china
with @barackobamas defense cuts threatening jobs &amp; putting families at risk, folks in virginia are not better off
suffering from @barackobamas failed economic policies, folks in nh are not better off today
with over 60k jobs lost &amp; the highest unemployment rate in the nation, nevadans arent better off under @barackobama
if last night was the party, this morning is the hangover. 43 straight months of unemployment above 8%. america deserves better.
at the 2008 #dnc, @barackobama promised americans a better future, but its clear he hasnt lived up to his promises.
at the 2008 #dnc, @barackobama criticized an economy with high unemployment, but today unemployment is even higher.
at the 2008 #dnc, @barackobama criticized an economy in turmoil.after 4 years of his leadership, its no better.
.@barackobamas rhetoric and policies demonstrate just how out of touch he is with our nations small-business owners
one year ago today, solyndra filed for bankruptcy, leaving taxpayers &amp; nearly 2,000 american workers behind
.@barackobama doubled down on his you didnt build that comments, demonstrating just how out of touch he is with small-business owners.
23 million americans struggling for work? take it from bill clinton  give me a break
what did bill clinton say about @barackobama in 2008? give me a break
.@barackobamas policies are hurting our nations small businesses  and a 2nd term wont be any different.
when @barackobama told americans they didnt build their businesses, it wasnt just rhetoric  his record &amp; policies show he meant it.
today marks the 4th straight year americas global economic competitiveness has been downgraded. #areyoubetteroff
before @barackobama took office, the u.s. ranked 1st in global competitiveness  today marks our 4th year of decline.
when it comes to americas competitiveness, @barackobamas record isnt incomplete  hes failed.
instead of delivering more jobs &amp; higher incomes, @barackobamas policies have left the middle class in worse shape. #areyoubetteroff
millions of americans arent better off in the @barackobama economy. is it an incomplete or a failing grade? #areyoubetteroff
.@barackobama grades himself incomplete on the economy, but what happened to the one-term proposition?
if @barackobama cant even give himself a passing grade, why would the american people give him 4 more years?
$16t and counting. after promising to cut the deficit in half, @barackobama has presided over four straight trillion-dollar deficits.
.@barackobama's imaginary recovery: laboring with the truth #obamaisntworking
the truth? under @barackobama, we are suffering from the worst economic recovery america has ever had
great week at #gop2012. its time to put the disappointment of the last 4 years behind us &amp; look to a brighter future
last week, america saw that we deserve better, can do better, &amp; for the future of our nation, must do better
when it comes to job creation, @barackobama is 0-23 million. if your coach has that kind of record, you get a new coach
i know from experience how we can restore economic security, &amp; as president that will be my priority #believeinamerica
our plan for a stronger middle class will create 12 million new jobs &amp; higher take-home pay #believeinamerica #romneyryan2012
it is not only bad economics to saddle future generations with a mountain of debt, it is immoral #wecanchangeit
photo: #wecanchangeit #gop2012 #tcot
join me if you believe americans deserve more jobs and more take-home pay #wecanchangeit #gop2012
after nearly 4 years of declining incomes and skyrocketing costs, americans deserve better. join me #wecanchangeit
we have 23 million americans today that are out of work or underemployed #wecanchangeit #gop2012
.@barackobama looks at government as the source of our greatness. i look at the american people as the source of our greatness. #webuiltit
share your success story and tell @barackobama you did build it  #webuiltit
#webuiltit. small businesses are the lifeblood of our economy. be proud of your success
if you have a business and you started it, you did build it. and you deserve credit for that  #webuiltit
 #webuiltit
in the imaginary recovery @barackobama touts, manufacturing lost 562,000 jobs &amp; the sector is showing signs of weakness.
when it comes to solyndra, @barackobama may have built that, but its taxpayers who are stuck with the bill
almost 5.2 million americans have been out of work for at least 6 months in the imaginary recovery @barackobama touts
what i learned at bain capital would help me as president to fix our economy, create jobs, and get things done
.@barackobamas crackdown on coal plants has led to higher energy prices that hurt families &amp; businesses
.@barackobamas war on coal has cost americans jobs &amp; raised energy prices
incomes down sharply in the imaginary recovery @barackobama touts. we can do better.
[infographic] my plan for energy independence will deliver more jobs &amp; more take-home pay for middle-class families
my plan for a stronger middle class will put work back in welfare. video:
.@barackobama has proposed no meaningful medicare reforms &amp; has failed to lead on fixing medicare for future retirees
if your priority is creating more jobs and putting more people to work, that's what we know how to do. #romneyryan2012
higher unemployment, declining incomes, and crushing debt is not a new normal. america needs a comeback
on the deck of the uss wisconsin with @paulryanvp. excited to share our vision of a brighter future  #romneyryan2012
.@barackobama can't run on his record. america deserves better than a president who will do anything to stay in power
under @barackobama, our economy is just not getting better. my plan will build a stronger middle class with more jobs
in almost 4 years as president, @barackobama hasn't visited israel. we need a leader who stands with our allies
today's increase in the unemployment rate is a blow to struggling middle-class families. americans deserve better and we can do better.
my plan for a stronger middle class will get america back to work and ensure a better future for all americans
the american economy is fueled by freedom, the only principle that has ever created sustained prosperity
in 2008 @barackobama ran on "hope and change," but for many americans, hope and change has been anything but kind
.@barackobama claimed his plan "worked." with millions struggling to find work, it's hard to see how it's a success
recently, @barackobama proudly proclaimed that his economic plan had worked. no mr. president, it did not work
sally ride ranks among the greatest of pioneers. i count myself among the millions of americans she inspired with her travels to space.
where did @barackobama's stimulus money go? political payoffs, bankruptcy, and waste
rt and tell @barackobama that hard-working individuals create successful businesses, not government
we need a plan to fix our economy, not 4 more years of political payoffs &amp; wasted taxpayer dollars. sign if you agree
what about the middle class? video: the obama record: political payoffs and middle class layoffs
candidate obama spoke against using stale tactics to scare voters. today, his plan distracts with dishonest attacks
being president is not about telling stories. being president is about leading, and president obama has failed to lead.
.@barackobamas dishonest campaign: another reason americans have lost confidence in his leadership
the same old ideas of the past that have failed. my plan calls for action &amp; will create jobs. america can do better
.@barackobama promised he would lower unemployment, but hasnt delivered. middle-class has suffered the consequences
[infographic] the first 100 days: how would a romney presidency be different from a second @barackobama term?
.@barackobama is out of touch with the struggling middle class, claiming that the private sector is doing fine
.@barackobama says the private sector is doing fine. mr. president, we are not doing fine. video:
.@barackobama says private sector is #doingfine. is he really that out of touch? 23m americans struggling for work
massachusetts record: unemployment down to 4.7%, balanced budget without raising taxes, bringing parties together
video: despite what @barackobama says, rising unemployment among hispanics is not the "right path" for our country
unemployment rate up. @barackobamas re-election slogan may be forward but it seems like we've been moving backward. we can do better.
2 years ago @barackobama touted #solyndra as a symbol of stimulus success. today? $535m in taxpayer money wasted
 (@ solyndra)
.@barackobama is spending your tax dollars to create jobs. hows he doing? solyndra isnt even half the story
rt @aghastjan: @corybooker everyone. more businesses succeed because there is more disposable income in circulation. what goes around comes
unacceptable rt @reecyru it costs my cousin 9 dollars per  five minute phone call to talk to his kids. that's crazy. #prisoncall
allowing our veterans the treatment they need should be a priority. #carersact would expand med marijuana access:
@cleanwaternj done. we voted no.
rt @gaynlf1: watch @corybooker on @huffpostlive talking about @thenewjimcrow &amp; criminal justice reform:
pj is creating american jobs, so why are we threatening to kick him out? see &amp; share his story to #letpjstay
today i created a committee to run for governor in 2018. join me in shaping a brighter future of our state
rt @jensiebelnewsom: please vote for my dad @gavinnewsom and all who make education, jobs, the environment and our health a priority! http:
a priority that needs to be changed, our students deserve better: "states are prioritizing prisons over education"
rt @usedgov: education is crucial to every childs success  and to americas economic strength and security.
investing in lower emission options now could save money later &amp; fight #climatechange, according to a new report:
in sf we raised #minimumwage to $10.74, today ca's increases for the first time since 2008 to $9/hour:
tuition financial aid on the way for middle-class california families
job creation continues in ca! "number of ca counties with unemployment over 10% plunges, edd says"
it's time we support entrepreneurialism &amp; innovation of rideshares, not increase regulations on new technology:
california continues to be ahead of the curve &amp; leading recovery! our job growth out paces the nation:
we've been providing #prekforall in sf since 2008, im confident it can happen in the countrys largest district!
this is great news! california #jobless rate falls below 8% for first time since 2008 @latimes:
it's small business week &amp; i'm honored to have been invited to @santarosacoc breakfast recognizing small businesses
"about 120 million people in the u.s. are employed by small businesses.." happy national small business week!
the number of misdeeds at the scandal-plagued va continues to grow. our vets deserve better!...
so what do you call an independent candidate who has donated thousands to obama, reid, and hillary? an...
for four long years, much of europe had been under a...
hello, nebraska! the choice tomorrow in the #negov race is clear  more politics as usual or new growth resulting...
my own final four bracket for americas future
good lord media - distract much? the middle east isn't a tinderbox today? our economy isn't in the tank today?...
rt @camexicotrade: .@jerrybrowngov to lead ca trade &amp; investment mission to mexico   follow @camexicotrade for the la
visiting future farmers of america and their prized turkeys.
we simply must prevent the massive deficits of the last decade by creating a solid #rainydayfund.
ab 93 will help grow our economy and create good manufacturing jobs.  #ab93
full speed ahead:  #hsr
oakland military cadets are on hand for the departure of china's president.
rt @annebgust: saying goodbye to the president and first lady of china.
full house at today's opening ceremony of the california trade and investment office in china
rt @sovernnation: lead story by @adamnagourney in today's nytimes: economic recovery underway in ca (even mitt romney's moving here!): h ...
rt @cmarinucci: good news: over last year, ca posted a 2.3% job growth rate compared to 1.4% nationally, says new report frm center/stud ...
more trade means more peoplefrom every countrybuying, selling, investing, creatingall working together to build a better world.
rt @waysandmeansgop: chairman ryan: "the tax code has to work for everybodyespecially families and small businesses."
in the @nytimes: the president's budget proposes "more tax increases that kill investment and jobs." read here:
rt @speakerboehner: our budget means more jobs &amp; more security for hardworking families
.@pryan: the president wants to increase taxes on families and job creators by another $1.8 trillion.
president obama's tax hikes are bad for jobs and dont fix the debt crisis, as this chart shows. #spendingistheproblem
the house took action today to protect families &amp; workers from a massive tax increase in january 2013.
the president's proposed tax increase on successful small businesses doesn't even pay for 1/5 of his deficit spending:
it is not too late to ensure a brighter future for today's graduates:
follow a fellow wisconsinite @repseanduffy on twitter to learn about his efforts to grow our economy and pay down our debt.
seniors deserve better from president obama when it comes to their health & retirement security:
presidents stagnant economy & failed policies remain #1 threat to workers. his falsehoods wont create a single job.
despite a clear legal requirement, for 4th straight year pres. obama has failed to lead on need to strengthen medicare:
president obama calls his agenda: america built to last. i call it america drowning in debt. what about you?
the president is legally required to submit a budget request today. but it's late this year...again. u deserve better.
cbos latest alarm bell about $1trillion deficits, slowing econ. growth & future tax hikes is a harsh indictment of obamas failed policies.
here are the key points on cbos study on federal workers enjoying advantages over private sector counterparts:
bob tyrrell has an excellent article on taxes and economic growth you should read:
i told squawk box earlier that the president is pushing divisive politics because he cant defend his policies, watch:
i explain in this video how raising taxes hurts job creation. its no wonder businesses arent hiring. take a look:
read the vp's letter to the president on how job training will provide #opportunityforall:
fight for a fair shot for the middle class
agree with the vp that cutting millionaires' taxes while raising middle class taxes is just wrong? tune in at 2:00:
"the point is real simple: the backbone of this country is a strong and thriving middle class." -vp in pa yesterday.
"this is no time to add any additional burden for middle class people.vp biden on #my2k at a va diner last week:
share why it matters to you that congress keep taxes low for american families and small businesses.  #my2k
rt @vp: unless congress acts, middle-class families will pay $2k more in taxes in 2013. tell us what $2k means to you w/ #my2k:  ...
whether you volunteered, donated, or just voted, share your #obama2012 memory here:
four more years.
vp: weve created 5.4 million new private sector jobs. companies in america hired more workers in oct. than any time in the last 8 months.
who do you trust to stand up for the middle class? @barackobama is the man you should trust.vp biden in ocala, fl:
this president is leveling the playing fieldgetting the middle class back in the game. he knows how to build america from the middle out.
vp biden on romney: governor, you can't run from the truth. you can't run from your record. you can't run from your policies.
this is a president who says what he means, means what he says, and does what he says.vp biden introducing president obama in ohio today
rt @barackobama: rt if you agree: we cant afford mitt romneys failed policies of the past. we need to keep moving forward.  ...
vp: "being president requires a clear vision and a steady hand. that's exactly what president obama demonstrated."
tonight, we saw what it means to be commander in chief. visioncouragea steady hand. -joe
rt @barackobama: president obama won tonights debate because his leadership has made us stronger, safer &amp; more secure. #proudofobam ...
rt @barackobama: president obama: "after a decade of war, its time to do some nation building here at home." #strongerwithobama
rt @barackobama: president obama: "iran is at its weakest point economically, strategically, militarily than in many years." #strongerwi ...
rt @barackobama: president obama: "we cannot afford to have a nuclear arms race in the most volatile region of the world." #strongerwith ...
rt @barackobama: president obama: "as long as i'm president of the united states, iran will not get a nuclear weapon." #strongerwithobama
rt @obama2012: "governor, when you were in massachusetts, small business development ranked about 48th out of 50."president obama
fact: by the time gov. romney left office, more businesses were going out of business in massachusetts than being created.
rt @obama2012: president obama: "my first job as commander in chief is to keep the american people safe, and that's what we've done over ...
when it comes to our national security, the choice is clear:  #romneynotready
speaking in virginia today, president obama coined a new term to describe mitt romneys deceptive policies: #romnesia.
ofa campaign manager jim messina on why @barackobama "clearly won tonight's debate":
president obama: "we are on pace to double our exports. that's creating tens of thousands of jobs all across the country." #teambarack
rt @obama2012: president obama: "fours years ago, i told the american people i would cut taxes for middle-class people, and i did."
rt @truthteam2012: president obama's all-of-the-above energy plan is increasing our energy independence:
rt @obama2012: president obama: what i want to do is build on the 5 million jobs that weve created over the last 30 months in the priv ...
the romney-ryan strategy? hiding the truth on plans that hurt the middle class.
straight talk on taxes from vp biden:
vp: "look at my recordits been all about the middle class. theyre the people who grow this country." #teamjoe
the romney-ryan plan: they call it gutsywe call it a disaster for the middle class.
rt if you agree: our economy grows from the middle out and the bottom upnot from the top down.
wheels down in lexington, kentucky:
rt @barackobama: a former republican senator and vietnam veteran endorses president obama for a second term as commander-in-chief: http: ...
rt @barackobama: good news today: the economy has added 5.2 million private sector jobs over 31 straight months.
vp biden on the gop: their policies put the middle class in a deep hole, which weve been helping them climb out of for the last 4 years.
president obama has a specific plan for strengthening the middle classpass it on:
we've cut taxes for everyone in the middle class$3,600 for the average family.vp biden in north carolina
vp biden made clear in his remarks today that romney-ryan would take us back to the failed bush policies that crashed our economy.
video: president obamas plan for creating jobs and strengthening the middle class.
vp on the gop: they say they care about the middle class. isnt it amazing how they discovered the middle class at their convention?
we put forward a concrete plan to cut the debt by $4 trillion in the next 10 years.vice president biden in chesterfield, va
obama issues travel warning to israel where i am now. homicide rate 10x higher in chicago-30x higher in new orleans.wrong warning maybe?
i want to thank @mittromney for his leadership these last years. i understand and respect his decision not to run for president.
its a new year, but is it finally a new economy?...
americans - working hard so congress doesn't have to!
small businesses are the backbone of american life. support them always!
small businesses are the backbone of american life. support them always!
small businesses are the backbone of american life.
john kass at chicago trib says obama isnt acting like an emperor but like a chicago boss mayor. so an emperor with sausage breath.
why the poor march jobs report matters, and reflects poorly on obama
my solutions for a better america
operation choke point: obama's harassment of legal businesses comes under scrutiny
my solutions for a better america
rt @robertlaurie: if libs like @edshow think hillary cant handle two emails, hows she gonna lead the free world?
daily briefing: americas student loan debt level reaches a crushing total of $1.16 trillion | best of cain
rt @clarkbarrow: daily briefing: number of immigrants since 2000 almost twice the number of jobs created  @thehermanc
foreign recruits flocking to isis at a rate without precedent
daily briefing: fewer u.s. born citizens have jobs than in 2007- despite population growth
rt @clarkbarrow: daily briefing: fewer citizens born in the u.s. have jobs than in 2007 - despite population growth
obama: know what? lets spend $4 trillion in 2016
obama: know what? let's spend $4 trillion in 2016
obamacare to cost $50,000 in taxpayer money - per person insured.
great spending time in houston today with young leaders helping keep tx america's economic engine.
energy independence can revolutionize the u.s. economy and enhance national security. sign the petition if you agree:
pls rt if you agree w/ my statement on @barackobamas proposed federal #energy regulations. read:
spoke at #iaagsummit abt working on my family farm growing up and future american energy/food security. #iaag
#rickpacs advisory board will continue promoting policies that create opportunity for american families.
the texas model is working. texas gained 45,700 jobs in december, 1,576,200 jobs in the last 5 years.
texas ---&gt; 53 straight months of job gains and an unemployment rate
in the last 5 years, over 1.5 million jobs were created in texas. last year tx created 441,000 jobs. #txmodel #sotu
the promise of tomorrow begins today and tx is a model for creating opportunity. watch/rt my new video:
.@barackobama's decisions will lead to more illegal #immigration, not less.
.@forbes: tx leads best states for future job growthperry made job creation one of his principle mantras
i spoke w/ @barackobama abt improving cdc guidelines and invited ron klain to tx to share what we've learned. #ebola
helping #gotv with @flgovscott. he'll continue creating a better future for floridians!
we need more people in dc like @blumforcongress. he's got experience balancing budgets and creating jobs. #ia01
.@adamgregg16 will protect iowa against failed policies from dc and represents the future of american leaders. #ag4ag
.@dallasnews: tx led nation in job creation for sept. and last 12 months, according to data released by @bls_gov
texas breaks record for jobs added in 12-month span  by @dallasnews
proud to be in fl supporting @scottforflorida. a gov who has proven his ability to create jobs and improve education
touring giese manufacturing, a great family-owned business helping create jobs in dubuque, ia!
moments ago, i delivered these remarks to the media in austin.
the only thing hotter than a texas summer is texas job growth, adding nearly 50,000 jobs in july!
support candidates who share my vision of border security, lower taxes, less government and more job creation.
my experience touring the mcallen border patrol detention facility: the human cost of failed border policies.
ella @ 4 months! #happybirthdaygirl
rt @tslac: today in #texashistory 2008: #txgov mansion set afire. built 1856 restoration begins quickly. pic of early days. #atx
washington needs to focus on job creation - nearly half in new unemployment survey say they've 'completely given up'
to create jobs and achieve greater energy security we need an all-of-the-above energy approach
tx dominates fastest growing cities list. common thread: jobs and hiring.
had spirited segment on @cnbc about creating jobs and growing us economy. on to @gwbprescenter 4% conference. tax reform is critical.
great job @sfgiants!
in san diego visiting sneak's kicks, an ebay success story. small biz is key to ca's economic recovery! #cagov
thank you to the over 100 small businesses supporting my plan to create 2m new private sector jobs in the next 5 years.
just spoke at cristek interconnects in anaheim. small business is the backbone of the ca economy. #gomeg #cagov
we've crossed 50,000 fans on facebook! "like" my page if you haven't already.
in folsom at synapsense to talk about creating 2 million private-sector jobs. www.jobsareontheway.com
enjoyed the waffles at fairfield inn in el centro. imperial cty + ca need job growth. my 1st priority as gov: get californians back to work!
create 2 million private sector jobs by 2015.
want to commend @barackobama for taking steps to combat the serious threat of cyber security. need to work together to get this right.
al is calling on the president to act against trade practices hurting mn's steel industry  #minntac #steeljobs
join us in congratulating @gopherwhockey on winning their third ncaa womens hockey title in four years!
video: internet innovation &amp; growth has happened bc weve had #netneutrality. - af
i was glad to hear potus focus on building a strong middle class. our economy does better when we build from the middle out. - al #sotu
stand with the candidate committed to helping build &amp; grow a strong middle class:  #mnsen
12 years ago, we lost paul &amp; sheila wellstone. but those wordswe all do better when we all do betterstill live on, each &amp; every day. -al
rt @teamfranken2014: .@alfranken: "if you care about our country's future, then student loan debt is a national crisis." #mnvotesearly
ron paul: 'dont bet on a fed interest rate hike'
how about obama takes a free course in austrian economics instead?
what if most americans possessed an understanding of basic austrian economics?
the golden state could hand out 40,000 fewer felonies per year under prop 47, approved by voters nov. 4. &gt;
the golden state could hand out 40,000 fewer felonies per year under prop 47, approved by voters nov. 4. &gt;
hillary again suggests government is the best source of job creation, not the private sector. wrong. sign up &amp; watch
20-something murray rothbard lived the american dream, according to @nickpropaganda (who happens to be a millennial)
just how horrible is president obama's record on the economy? vol's @jasongpeirce did some digging &amp; published this:
could obama have a better economic record than reagan? ron weighs in.
"the u.s. would be better off by staying out of this unnecessary fight." listen to my reaction to new nato bases:
weve got to bring back jobs, and growth, and opportunity #iapolitics
if we want growth, our focus has to be on small businesses. 2/3 of all new jobs come from small businesses #nhpolitics #makedclisten
we must embrace a big pro-jobs, growth agenda #opp4all
republicans should take this opportunity to lead on jobs, liberty, and security #opp4all
as pres obama said himself, his policies were on the ballot last night &amp; the voters spoke loud &amp; clear  #makedclisten
americans are preparing to send washington a clear message in the nov. election. help #makedclisten:
bravo on opening up cuba!! bravo on words that lay the groundwork for the delisting of marijuana as a class 1 narcotic!! #sotu
@anthonypacific i don't think you have that right anthony
9800 american troops to remain in afghanistan into 2015 and almost 5,000 into 2016. why?? things will be better then? #tlot #antiwar
$400k camel statue for us embassy in pakistan? i'm struggling with the critical national interest being served.  #tcot
@built4living to provide the science. #govgary
unemployment rate 6.6%?? i suggest we rename it to the "giving up" or "had to take a part-time job to survive" rate. #tcot #tlot #jobs
